but I'll transformer fence is a shawlong
in the transformers matrix being then
the Transformers Revenge of fallen
custom this time by david morgan and
klein designs make sure to subscribe in
linked in the sidebar and this time
we're bringing the big daddy prime
Transformers Revenge of fallen leader
Optimus Prime
so this masterpiece of a custom was done
by David Morgan Dyson incline designs on
YouTube make sure to subscribe down link
is on the sidebar let me show you the
paint job so you can see overall david
has repainted this entire prime giving a
more sparkly color I'm having
transformed this guy back in the truck
mode but I bet and trick money like
amazing but in robot mode
he looks absolutely stunning you can see
his uh windshields aren't see-through
anymore he painted him but I actually
prefer this look better so you don't see
all the gears you can see everything's
painted even the Autobot symbol inside
of there all the paint down there with
the blues and it just shimmers it just
looks more movie accurate the reds are
just way better he painted his hands one
is show the back side here he redid the
flames David's also a car customizer so
he knows how they do all that he's just
a beautiful paint job David also
modified my prime if you know this his
blades aren't there anymore so now means
that his arm septal articulation I can
do jumping jokes that yes hahaha he's
actually in the process of still
customizing it still have the blades he
hasn't painted bees yet but what's great
about them now that they're both
attachable still and you can reattach
them very easily
and stays very nicely in place so I
really like that that the blades if you
want them in they'll stay and if you
don't want him in there they're easy to
remove and I just really love that I
wish that the the Prime came like that
in the first place even though David
repainted the hands he said that he
would customize my hands give it more
articulated fingers so that's something
he's going to redo too when David's been
is customizing the Prime he's gonna put
the rubber tires from the premium or
regular first movie prime down here make
it more movie accurate rubber tires so
they'll be great touch to one issue one
last mod that he did
is that when you push down the little
latch what's this the eyes are blue
he changed the LEDs from green to blue
so I just love that he has a nice
sparkly blue eyes like me and I'm Sean
long fool one thing I wanted to show for
you guys is that yes he can still
combine with Jetfire to make the
ultimate power up rhyme oh yes he's also
going to put LEDs in these blades to
make him really amazing so I can't wait
for that you know he's not finished with
the articulated hands or the rubber
tires I am in love with this prime and
David did an amazing job definitely
please subscribe to david incline
designs because in the sidebar he does
amazing customs he did a custom
Devastator and megatron and he is just
amazing thanks for watching this you
guys stay tuned for more customs and
transformer toy reviews subscribe to my
channel feel like and this is Sean long
run out
you
I like your brother did you say
something oh holy crap
don't turn ten tenten tenten damn Tintin
give me your face